' The Death of Bunny Munro','The Death of Bunny Munro is the second novel written by Nick Cave, best known as the lead singer of Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds. His first novel, "And the Ass Saw the Angel", was published in 1989. The novel deals with Bunny Munro, a middle aged lothario whose constant womanising and alcohol abuse comes to a head after the suicide of his wife. A travelling door to door beauty product salesman, he and his son go on an increasingly out of control road trip around Brighton, over which looms the shadow of a serial killer making his way towards Brighton, as well as Bunny's own mortality. The novel is set in Brighton in 2003, around the time the West Pier was destroyed by fire. Many of the locations and street names used in the book relate to real places close to Cave's own home. The novel was also released as an audiobook, using a 3D audio effect produced and sound directed by British artists Iain Forsyth and Jane Pollard, with a soundtrack by Nick Cave and Warren Ellis and in a number of Ebook formats including an Enhanced Editions iPhone application that synchronises the audiobook with the text, and includes exclusive videos of Nick reading. A series of live events took place in late 2009 to promote the book under the title of "A Night with Nick Cave", combining music, readings and a Q&A session with the audience. Reception. Irvine Welsh, Neil Labute and David Peace have all touted the novel - providing back-cover reviews. Moreover, "The Death of Bunny Munro" has received strong reviews from the British media: Graeme Thomson (writing in The Observer, 6 September 2009) awarded the novel four stars. Likewise, the Saturday Times (on the 5th of September 2009) stated, in a very positive review, that the novel "reads like a good indie movie". The novel was nominated for the Literary Review's Bad Sex in Fiction Award, but did not win. '
' Cheetah reintroduction in India','Reintroduction of the cheetah in India involves the artificial re-establishment of a population of cheetahs into areas where they had previously existed but were hunted into extinction by the British colonial officers and Indian royalty. A part of the reintroduction process is the identification and restoration of their former grassland scrub forest habitats. This is within the scope of the duties of the local forest department of each State, where relocation occurs, through the use of Indian Central Government funding. Background. History. Until the 20th century, the Asiatic cheetah was quite common and roamed all the way from Arabia to Iran, Afghanistan and India. In India, they ranged as far south as the Tirunelveli district of Tamil Nadu. The Asiatic cheetah, also known as the "hunting leopard" in India was kept by kings and princes to hunt gazelle; the Moghul emperor Akbar kept them for hunting gazelle and blackbucks. He was said to have had 1,000 cheetahs at one time for assisting in his royal hunts. Trapping of large numbers of adult Indian cheetahs, who had already learned hunting skills from wild mothers, for assisting in royal hunts is said to be another major cause of the species rapid decline in India as they never bred in captivity with only one record of a litter ever. Extinction. By the beginning of the twentieth century, the species was already heading for extinction in many areas. The last physical evidence of the Asiatic cheetah in India was three shot by the Maharajah of Surguja in 1947 in eastern Madhya Pradesh, a man also noted for holding a record for shooting 1,360 tigers. In India in the mid-20th century, prey was abundant, and cheetahs fed on the blackbuck, the chinkara, and sometimes the chital and the nilgai. With the death of the last remaining population of the Asiatic cheetah in India, the species was declared extinct in India; it is the only animal in recorded history to become extinct from India due to unnatural causes. A consequence of the extinction of the cheetahs and subsequently the Indian royalty that prized them was that their grasslands homes came to be controlled, used and managed by local people. "The grasslands faded and diminished under the hooves of a thousand cattle, they were tilled and ploughed until only a few scattered remnants were preserved in the form of wildlife sanctuaries". Reintroduction efforts. Cloning. During the early 2000s, Indian scientists from the Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB), Hyderabad, proposed a plan to clone Asiatic Cheetahs obtained from Iran. India requested Iran to transport one live pair to India. If not possible, Indian scientists requested Iran to allow them to collect some live cells of the Cheetah pair in Iran itself, which can then be made into living cell lines. However, Iran refused saying that it would neither send any cheetahs to India nor would they allow Indian scientists to collect their tissue samples. It is said that Iran wanted an Asiatic lion in exchange for a cheetah and that India was not willing to export any of its Asiatic lions. But, the Indian government has again contacted Iran to explore the possibility of Iran supplying cheetahs to help to re-establish their presence on the subcontinent decades after they were hunted to extinction. The Iranian embassy in Delhi said its government was in the process of "arranging" talks. Possible reintroduction sites. Currently, wildlife experts have shortlisted three regions which have the potential to support cheetah populations. The Nauradehi Wildlife Sanctuary and Kuno-Palpur Wildlife Sanctuaries in Madhya Pradesh and the Shahgarh bulge landscape in Jaisalmer, Rajasthan have been declared potentially suitable for the reintroduction of the cheetah. The Kuno-Palpur Wildlife Sanctuary in Madhya Pradesh has the potential to hold populations of all four of India's big cats; the tiger, the leopard, the Asiatic lion and the cheetah, all four of which have co-existed in the same habitats historically, before they were wiped out due to overhunting and habitat destruction. Since the Shahgarh Landscape is fenced along the Indo-Pakistani border region, the addition of more fencing will ensure adequate protection for the cheetah population. The Nauradehi Wildlife Sanctuary (1197km2) is part of a much larger forested landscape (5500km2 ) which can host the cheetah as well. At a future date, when sufficient population has built up, other former range habitats in India (after revitalizing them) may also be considered for reintroduction like the Banni grasslands and Desert National Park etc. A few wildlife groups have suggested the Moyar river valley in Tamil Nadu's Satyamangalam FD, part of Nilgiri Biosphere Reserve as it is a pristine forest with flourishing population of prey and a good record of conservation. Frederick Augustus Nicholson, the then British Collector has reported to have shot a few individuals near Kothamangalam, Velamundi and Bolampatti (all in NBR). This region is on the leeward side of SW monsoon. Genetic sub-species level differentiation. Asiatic cheetah "(Acinonyx jubatus venaticus)" has, for a long time, been "theoretically" classified as a sub-species of the cheetah with the suffix ""venaticus"" applied at the end of its scientific binomial name "Acinonyx jubatus". However, at a Cheetah reintroduction workshop organised in India on 9 September 2009, Stephen J. O'Brien from Laboratory of Genomic Diversity of National Cancer Institute, USA who has in the past conducted numerous prestigious genetic studies - including those on Asiatic lions - said that according to the latest modern genetic studies, it was discovered that the Asiatic cheetah was, in fact, genetically identical to the African Cheetah with which it had separated only about 5000 years ago. This was not enough time for a sub-species level differentiation; O'Brien said that in comparison the Asian and African lion subspecies were separated some 100,000 years ago, as was the African and Asian leopard subspecies 169,000 years ago. Cheetah expert Laurie Marker of the Cheetah Conservation Fund (CCF) and other wildlife experts advised the Indian Government that for reintroduction purposes India should source the Cheetah from Africa where they were much more numerous instead of trying to have some removed from the critically endangered low population of about 70 to 100 or so Asiatic Cheetahs left in Iran. India's Union Minister of State for Environment and Forests Jairam Ramesh, chief wildlife wardens of Rajasthan, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh, officials of the environment ministry, cheetah experts from across the globe including Laurie Marker from Cheetah Conservation Fund (CCF), representatives from the Wildlife Institute of India (WII) including Yadvendradev Jhala, and IUCN, an international conservation NGO, among others, participated in a meeting about this issue. The conference was organised by Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) Subsequently, in 2011, a much more detailed five year genetic study involving gathering of DNA samples from the wild, zoos and museums in eight countries was published in "Molecular Ecology (Journal)" on 8 January 2011. This newer study concluded that African and Asiatic cheetahs were in reality genetically very distinct and had in fact separated 32,000 to 67,000 years ago. Sub-species level differentiation had taken place due to longer separation from the African population. The effect of this latest revelation on India's plan to reintroduce cheetahs to the country is yet unknown. Introduction of African cheetah. As the world's last Asiatic cheetah population in Iran is currently classified as critically endangered, with an estimated total of below 100, the cheetah experts felt that it would not be conducive to disturb it. India is therefore exploring an alternate plan of importing the African Cheetah ("Acinonyx jubatus") from some African countries where they are in greater abundance, with a view to breeding them in captivity and then setting them free in protected, semi-arid habitats in India. Since the Asiatic Cheetah went extinct in India about half a century ago, suggestions to reestablish the cheetah in India have been ongoing but this is the first time that a major conservation NGO like Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) has taken it on them and are currently spearheading the Cheetah reintroduction plan in India in collaboration with Wildlife Institute of India (WII). For this purpose a meeting of International cheetah experts was organized in Gajner, near Bikaner in the Indian state of Rajasthan during September 2009. As per the discussions held at the meeting cheetah experts from around the world favored importing African cheetahs from Africa for the proposed reintroduction in India as against getting them from the world's last remnant population of Asiatic Cheetah, also called Iranian cheetah, that only survive in Iran which are currently critically endangered with their entire population estimated to be below 100. International experts including Laurie Marker of Cheetah Conservation Fund (CCF), credited with developing cheetah conservation programmes in a number of countries, including Iran, argues that the world's last Asiatic cheetah population in Iran is abysmally low to spare any individuals for reintroduction efforts in India. Stephen J O'Brien, world's leading conservation geneticist and Chief of the Laboratory of Genomic Diversity at the National Cancer Institute (NCI), USA, has clarified that there is no significant genetic difference between the African and the Iran's Asiatic cheetah, as per genetic research carried out by him African and Indian cheetahs were only separated just some 5,000 years ago which is not enough for a sub-species level differentiation. "African and Asian cheetahs are similar in nature and have same genetic make-up. So India can have the animal from South Africa if it is not getting from Iran (which has already refused to part with its Asian cheetah)," noted the cheetah genetic expert Stephen J O Brien. At the meeting experts also identified South Africa, Botswana, Kenya, Tanzania and UAE as countries from where the cheetah could be imported for India. "About 5 to 10 animals annually have to be brought to India over a period of 5 to 10 years," recommended another working group, which was formed for exploring sourcing and translocation of the cheetah. The Ministry of Environment & Forests, Government of India has approved the recommendation for a detailed survey of potential reintroduction sites in the four Indian states of Rajasthan, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Chattisgarh, shortlisted during the consultative meeting. Three more Indian states Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra are being also considered. This survey will form the basis for the roadmap of reintroduction of cheetah in India, and will be carried out by the Wildlife Institute of India (WII), in collaboration with the Wildlife Trust of India (WTI), the Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS) and the concerned state governments with their respective forest departments. Current status. The Ministry of forests and environment of India is now hammering out the details of the cheetah conservation plan. As a first step, a two-day seminar of technical experts on cheetahs was held in Gajner from 9 September 2009. Experts on cheetah, including Divyabhanusinh and M K Ranjitsinh presented their papers on how to go about bringing cheetahs to India. The initial plans were to bring the cheetahs to Gajner Wildlife Sanctuary. "We want to set up a breeding ground for the cheetahs and Gajner seems to fit the bill perfectly. Thereafter, they will be transported to various states," he added. India is also in talks with the Islamic Republic of Iran over the possibility of sending a pair of Asiatic cheetahs to India. It is said that Iran wanted an Asiatic lion in exchange for a cheetah and that India wasn't ready to export any of its Asiatic lions. The Iranian embassy in Delhi said that its government was in the process of "arranging" talks. The Union Minister of State for Environment and Forests Jairam Ramesh said that African cheetahs could be brought to India within three years having just returned from a trip to South Africa, one of the potential source-habitats of cheetahs to be moved to India. The Wildlife Institute of India is spearheading the project, and will unveil a road map and destination for the African cheetahs — possible options are in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat — by the end of May. Kuno Palpur and Nauradehi Sancturies in Madhya Pradesh and Shahgarh landscape in Jaisalmer in Rajasthan have been selected in by the Wildlife Institute of India as most suitable sites for the reintroduction project. Plans on hold. As of May 2012 the Indian Supreme Court has put the project of importing Cheetahs from Africa and reintroducing them in India on hold. Some Conservationists have been fighting a legal battle in Indian Supreme Court to get the Indian State Government of Gujarat to break its monopolizing of wild Asiatic Lions and release a few overpopulated prides of Asiatic lions spilling out of Gir National Park for reintroduction in the Kuno Wildlife Sanctuary in the neighbouring Indian State of Madhya Pradesh which was prepared for them after relocating over 24 villages out of the forest. In the past, for last two decades the State Government of Gujarat had concocted every possible reason to maintain its monopoly on wild Asiatic Lions and the tourism revenue generated by them and of recent Gujarat's legal council had put forward the argument that Kuno Wildlife Sanctuary is being used for the introduction of African Cheetah which might take several years to fully settle down and repopulate the area and hence reintroduction of Asiatic Lions should only be done after that, this scared the conservationists that Gujarat will use this pretext to delay the reintroduction of native Asiatic Lions by many more decades using the Cheetah argument. Indian Supreme court has taken note of the arguments put forth by some Indian conservationists that importing African Cheetah for reintroduction in India is misguided as it is against IUCN reintroduction guidelines and no clearance had been sought from India's National Board for Wildlife. The Indian Supreme Court has put the project on hold till further notice asking for clearance from India's National Board for Wildlife, meantime it has fast tracked the case for the re-introduction of Asiatic Lions to Kuno Wildlife Sanctuary and is hearing it every Monday. Senior advocate PS Narasimha, court-appointed adviser and the amicus curiae in the Asiatic lion relocation case in India's Supreme Court, filed an application seeking a stay on the implementation of African cheetah reintroduction project in India. The Indian Supreme court granted the stay and the matter has been scheduled for further hearing in July 2012 after the court returns from vacation. During its hearings, the Bench was informed that India's Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF) has decided to introduce the African cheetah from Namibia into Kuno Wildlife Sanctuary in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh, the same proposed habitat being developed as the second home for the translocation of Asiatic Lions from Gir Wildlife Sanctuary in the neighbouring Indian state of Gujarat which did not want to shift any Asiatic Lions out of the state. Narasimha said the proposal for reintroduction of African Cheetah "has not been either placed before the Standing Committee of India's National Board for Wildlife, nor has there been a considered decision taken in this regard". He stated in an application that "scientific studies show that the African Cheetahs and Asian Cheetahs are completely different, both genetically and also in their characteristics" and the reintroduction of African Cheetah in India was also against the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) guidelines on translocation of wildlife species. "In fact, the (IUCN) guidelines categorically warn against the introduction of alien or exotic species. The African Cheetah obviously never existed in India. Therefore, it is not case of intentional movement of an organism into a part of its native range," the application stated. Asiatic Cheetah became extinct in India in the 1950s, In the past, India's last recorded cheetah in the wild was said to have been shot in the Rewa area of Madhya Pradesh in the late 1940s. It was mentioned that the introduction of alien or exotic species is universally shunned by wildlife experts and "in fact countries such as South Africa, Australia are spending huge amount of funds to eradicate and remove exotic wildlife species from wilderness areas or wild habitats". Narasimha also sought a direction of India's Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF) to produce before the apex court all relevant records and decisions relating to introduction of cheetah. He said the Indian Cheetah in genetic composition is a different animal than the African Cheetah and a different sub species altogether and "therefore one cannot be introduced in place of the other". Conservationists say fewer than 100 of the critically endangered Asiatic Cheetah subspecies remain only in Iran, roaming the central deserts. The vast majority of the 10,000 cheetahs left in the world are in Africa. '
' Do You Want the Truth or Something Beautiful?','Do You Want the Truth or Something Beautiful? is the debut album by English singer-songwriter Paloma Faith. It was released on 28 September 2009 by Epic Records. Its first two singles from the album, "Stone Cold Sober" and "New York", both peaked within the top twenty in the United Kingdom. The album spawned three more singles: "Do You Want the Truth or Something Beautiful?", "Upside Down" and "Smoke & Mirrors". The album received positive reviews from critics. Since its release, the album spent 106 weeks on the UK Albums Chart and peaked at number 9. It was announced on 1 March 2013 that the album had been certified 2× Platinum with sales exceeding 600,000 copies. To promote the album Faith embarked her first concert Do You Want the Truth or Something Beautiful Tour in 12 February 2010 which visited Europe. Background. During her time at college, Faith worked in a pub where the manager asked her to front his band, which they later called 'Paloma and the Penetrators'. During a performance with the band at a cabaret show, Faith was scouted by an A&R man from Epic Records, who invited Faith to sing for the manager of the label. Twenty minutes into the audition, Faith asked the manager to turn his phone off and when he refused, she walked out. Epic A&R Joanna Charrington told HitQuarters "When she played a showcase for us it was clear that she was a star but the material was a bit generic. She didn't have the hit songs." Not being one hundred percent convinced the label executives to decide to wait. During this time Charrington regularly checked Faith's MySpace page "to see if she had something that had a special direction or sound." After several months her attention was eventually piqued by "Broken Doll", which she thought was a well-crafted song with a "fantastic chorus and brilliant lyrics." Charrington told Epic managing director Nick Raphael "I think we should get this girl back in. She sounds like she is getting it now. We can help her get the songs." Faith revealed in an interview that the manager called her and offered her a contract saying he had seen many acts since and none had been as memorable as her. Critical reception. Andy Gill from The Independent said: "In the case of this impressive debut album, that might refer to her fabricated Amy Winehouse persona, which is a touch too smoothly effected to ring entirely true. It's there right from the off with the Amy/Duffy retro-soul stylings of "Stone Cold Sober"; while her claim in "Broken Doll" that she's "damaged goods" seems that bit too eager to echo Amy's admission "I told you I was trouble". But Paloma deals in similarly grand, melodramatic emotions in songs such as "Smoke And Mirrors", "New York" and the title-track, wheeling out Spectorian tubular bells and keening string glissandi to evoke the depths of her emotional catastrophe". Robyn Burrows from "Contact Music" stated, "With obvious comparisons to Amy Winehouse and even Duffy by some, Faith was always going to need to set herself apart from her contemporaries for the critics. She more than does that on this record." "Opening with "Stone Cold Sober", a retro pop gem that puts bands like the Noisettes firmly in their place the album jumps from tempo to tempo with elements of pop and jazz but keeping that smooth soul sound throughout." "Despite her very distinctive vocals, the album keeps your attention throughout with its varied tracks. The beautiful soaring epic "New York" with her backing singers shows a strong confident character with a voice to match. Whereas the fragile "Broken Doll", where Faith sings 'I don't seem to be perfect, I know I'm damaged goods' shows us a different side of the singer. "Upside Down" increases the tempo as it bounces along to its jazz melody for three minutes. The album ends with two longer tracks, "My Legs Are Weak" and the almost choral backing singers on "Play On", perhaps a little too long in comparison with the rest of the tracks but finishing with a lush display of Faith's vocal range." "The only negative thing I could find with this album is its length, a little under 40 minutes. But it is a real soul pop classic, with each track earning its place. Musically diverse and well produced; it is a polished diamond. Faith's captivating vocals and huge range keep you hooked throughout and encourage you to press repeat as soon as the album ends." On the BBC Music Review "Mike Diver" stated, "Faith's voice is the first element of these sumptuous arrangements to strike, its idiosyncratic ticks and sharp inflections separating her from the pack in the same way as Duffy – but while the Welsh star's vocals can lack a sincere conveyance of the emotions behind a song, Faith's sentiments are never in doubt, even on the surprisingly underwhelming (in context) singles Stone Cold Sober and New York. The former sounds designed to soundtrack an advertisement – successfully, as it turns out – and the latter's lamenting loses some of its edge when one's unsure if the New York in question is a rival lover or, literally, the city that never sleeps. Whichever it is, it's stolen our protagonist's lover away". Chart performance.  h Chandra has been called as "Cuddapah Tiger" for his sincerity and daring. Karimnagar Posting. Umesh Chandra served in Karimnagar from June 1997 to April 1998. This district had the most number of active naxalite gangs. Normal life was but a dream. Corrupt and vested interests worked hand-in-glove with the naxalites in exploiting the people of this district. On the naxalite front Umesh Chandra started planning and executing covert operations with meticulous detail. He put together a close well-knit group of officers and constables that he could trust to get the job done. His reputation of a fair, yet strict administrator helped convince several naxalites to surrender. Hyderabad Posting. Umesh Chandra started his next assignment in November 1998 after being unjustly suspended for the maximum possible period of six months. Umesh Chandra took over the post of A.I.G Sports and Welfare. For someone who was accustomed to dealing with and solving peoples problems on a continuous basis, this assignment was found to be insipid and dull by Umesh Chandra. He was kept idle, no work was assigned to him, no files were sent to him. This attitude of his senior police officials caused Umesh Chandra great mental agony. He contemplated resigning from the police force on several occasions. When the additional charge of computer center management was entrusted to Umesh Chandra, he regained some of his enthusiasm and brought up a fully functional networked computer center in a short span of three months. He surprised the top police brass by making everything ready in a record time, just in time for the elections. He initiated and directed the development of a website and associated software that managed police logistics for the then elections. He also took care of the staff in the computer center by providing them with a state-of-the-art kitchen and dining hall. Death. Umesh Chandra was assassinated on September 4, 1999 when his car stopped at a traffic light. Four naxalites opened fire on him, his driver and his gunman. His driver and gunman were shot at point blank range and died instantly. On that day he did not carry his weapon. While chasing a couple of the naxalites, the naxalites sensed that he did not carry a weapon and turned back and fired at him twice. He collapsed on the road, at which point they shot him point blank. His statue was unveiled on September 4, 2000 at Sanjiva Reddy Nagar Cross Roads, Hyderabad. '
' Texts From Last Night','Texts From Last Night (TFLN) is a regularly updated blog that re-posts short text messages submitted by its users. The site tends to post texts that are shocking or scandalous. The texts are sent in by people who wake in the morning "to find regrettable messages sent to or from their mobile phones". The receiver then sends the allegedly discovered text into this website. The copies of the messages do not show the phone numbers, but only area codes. Since the texts are often similar to late night drunk dials, they're often graphic and sexual in nature, thus not safe for work. From a sociological perspective, the website is a "living document of twentysomething life in 2009". While TFLN has many "blackout drinking, sex, and vomit stories", there is also an extended discussion taking place about morality. The texts show how humans "interact with drugs and alcohol". "We see the cause and effect of last night’s party, and we can see a real-time weighing of these actions." However, there is concern that peoples' actions and texts will be affected by the existence of the website and its popularity. Book. Six months after the website went up, the two creators of "TFLN" signed a deal to pen a book, wherein they will use the most entertaining texts. The book will be published by Gotham Books, which is part of the Penguin Group. Erin Malone, from William Morris Endeavor also helped other blogs translate into books, including "Stuff White People Like", "The Book of Awesome", and "Soul Pancake". Since the content is already written, the book, which has been described as "bathroom reading", is expected to be published as a trade paperback by the beginning of 2010. TV series. Deadline.com reported in October 2011 that a new comedy television series based on the blog is in development at Fox, with "Ugly Betty" developer Silvio Horta at the helm. Mobile Apps. "Texts From Last Night" also has mobile applications for Android, BlackBerry and iPhone to browse and submit text messages. '
' María de Villota','María de Villota Comba (born 13 January 1980) is a Spanish racing driver. She is the daughter of former Formula One driver Emilio de Villota, and sister of Emilio de Villota, Jr., who like his sister competed in Formula Palmer Audi. She is currently recovering from serious head and facial injuries sustained in an accident which occurred during a straight-line testing session in her role as the Marussia Formula One team's test driver. Career. De Villota was born in Madrid. She has competed in numerous racing series, including the World Touring Car Championship and ADAC Procar Series. In August 2009, she signed with Atlético Madrid to race for the remainder of the season in the Superleague Formula open wheel racing series. She remained with the Atlético Madrid team until the series folded in 2011. She also competed in the 2005 24 Hours of Daytona endurance race. Formula One. On 18 August 2011, the Lotus Renault GP team confirmed reports that de Villota had made her Formula One test debut in a Renault R29 at the Paul Ricard Circuit, and that her management was in talks to secure her a test driver seat in the future. In December she reiterated her desire to work with the team in 2012, adding that she was in advanced talks over a third driver role. On 7 March 2012, it was announced that María de Villota had joined Marussia F1 Team as a test driver, with the opportunity to sample Formula One machinery later in the year. Duxford Aerodrome testing accident. At approximately 09:30 on 3 July 2012, de Villota was involved in a testing accident at Duxford Aerodrome whilst carrying out straight-line testing for Marussia; her first time in the car. Her car collided with a stationary truck at the end of a test run when it had just returned to the service area. Initial eye witnesses estimated the car was travelling at between 30 and 40mph (50 and 65 km/h) when it crashed. It took an hour for her to be removed from the car and she was taken to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridgeshire, England, with life-threatening head and facial injuries. She was later reported to be conscious. The following day, Marussia team principal John Booth stated that de Villota remained in a "critical but stable" condition in hospital and had lost her right eye. On 6 July, the Marussia Technical Centre said that following an operation that day, her condition in relation to her head injury had improved. On 16 July, Marussia stated that the car was not at fault. Team principal John Booth said: "We are satisfied the findings of our internal investigation exclude the car as a factor in the accident". After a stay of 17 days, de Villota left the hospital and returned to Spain, having escaped neurological damage. De Villota made her first public appearance since the accident in October, giving an exclusive interview to "¡Hola!" magazine and then hosting a press conference for the general media. She revealed that she has also lost her senses of smell and taste, still suffers from headaches, and is scheduled to undergo further surgery, but that she is open to a future return to racing if she is granted a licence, and that she also wants to become involved in promoting safety improvements in motorsport. She also released a computer graphic which showed the extent of her initial cranial injuries. Racing record. Complete Superleague Formula results. † Non Championship round '
' Tara Stiles','Tara Leann Stiles (born May 6, 1981) is an American model turned yoga instructor and founder of Strala Yoga in New York City. She starred in "Yoga For", the first instructional on-line yoga video series, produced by Ford Models. "Vanity Fair" reported on a yoga video that Stiles specifically designed for Sarah Palin; the "Vanity Fair" reporter commented that ""Tara Stiles has got to be the coolest yoga instructor ever."" Stiles is also the personal yoga instructor to Deepak Chopra, with whom she collaborated to create Authentic Yoga for the iPhone. Early life. Stiles grew up outside Morris, Illinois. Her mother designed, without any professional experience, their passive solar home and built it together with her father, now retired from a career in nuclear power. She has one sibling, an elder brother, Chad, who is an electrician. Modeling career. After graduation she studied dance in Chicago, where one of her ballet instructors introduced her to yoga. A local photographer brought her to Marie Anderson Boyd, founder of Aria Models in Chicago, later acquired by Ford Models, who signed her on the spot. Boyd booked Stiles' first casting, an ad campaign for Coca-Cola, and She moved to New York City soon after. She eventually realized that modeling was not what she was truly interested in. When Ford asked her to start making short promotional yoga videos for the agency and post them to YouTube, it was the beginning of her current career. She took a 200-hour course to become a certified instructor, and continues to make the videos, which have drawn over four million views. Stiles was one of the first yoga instructors to use social media to attract students. The YouTube videos led a DVD with fellow model Brooklyn Decker as well as one of her own, "Yoga Anywhere: The New York Session". After leaving Ford and modeling in 2007, she blogged for "Women's Health" and "The Huffington Post" ("HuffPo"). A 2009 post at "HuffPo" entitled "Help! I'm Addicted to FaceBook", has received 1.2 million hits, making it one of the most-viewed blogs on the site. Stiles's first book, "Slim Calm Sexy", published by Rodale, rose to the #1 spot on Amazon.com and best-selling status the first week it was released, August 31, 2010. Stiles has been featured in pictorials for "W", "Shape Magazine", "Self", "Marie Claire", "Fitness", and appeared on the covers of "City", "Time Out", and "Fit Yoga". Stiles appeared in ads for Nike, Adidas, Reebok, Target Corporation, Gap and "American Apparel", as well as numerous TV commercials for the Chrysler PT Cruiser and Avon. Stiles' health and yoga related work has been featured in such magazines as "Esquire", "Mens Health", "Ascent", and "Yoga Journal". Stiles has been the Face of "Women's Health", a Rodale, Inc. publication, since April 2009. Stiles is also a spokesperson for Nissan Motors, along with Ryan Hall and Lance Armstrong. Strala Yoga. In 2008 Stiles met her husband, Michael Taylor, at the Ananda Ashram in Monroe, New York. "He was normal, he's straight, he does yoga ... I'm done for", she joked. After a civil ceremony in New York, they honeymooned in Negril, Jamaica. The couple founded the New York City yoga studio Strala later that year. They made up the name, which is Swedish for "radiates light". In addition to continuing to make her videos and other media appearances, she currently teaches a quarter of the classes and oversees 13 other instructors at the studio, which has become profitable enough for her to consider opening a branch. Deepak Chopra and Jane Fonda are among her students; the former considers her his personal instructor. "I have been doing yoga for 30 years," he says. "I have had teachers of all kinds. Taking lessons from her has been more useful to me than taking yoga from anyone else." Stiles does not follow any school of yoga or instructor and focuses purely on its physical aspects and health benefits, with no philosophical or spiritual dimension. She eschews the Sanskrit names for yoga positions and does not ask students to chant. She hires instructors without regard to the certification process normally required elsewhere, preferring to assess them by watching them teach, although Strala does offer a teacher-training program. Strala's per-class fee, $10, is lower than other Manhattan yoga studios. Her goal is to make yoga more accessible. "People need yoga, not another religious leader. Quite often in New York, they want to be religious leaders, and it's not useful", she explains. "I was never invited to the party anyway—so I started my own party". Too many people outside yoga, she believes, see it as "something Jennifer Aniston does". Fonda has praised "her ability to make yoga accessible to people who might be scared of it or think it might be too esoteric". Stiles says she receives letters regularly from people, such as military men, who do her videos but are afraid to go to a yoga studio. "This studio is the first place I have felt comfortable", one Strala student told "The New York Times". "It doesn't feel like it's all 26-year-old former dancers." Stiles' approach to yoga has met with some controversy in the yoga community. Jennilyn Carson of the popular YogaDork blog reports that some practitioners consider it "disrespect to what the practice is" for Stiles to promote it as a weight-loss method. "I don't care what Tara Stiles says yoga is," another yogini says. "It's not about making your body beautiful." Yoga traditionalists have also complained about her willingness to draw on her modeling background and exploit sex appeal in yoga-wear advertisements and her videos, some of which she has appeared in wearing short shorts and a tank top. "Who made these rules?", Stiles has responded. "I feel like I'm standing up for yoga." To critics of her videos and photo shoots, she says, "We should not be hiding behind our bodies. should be empowering." Television. Stiles was a contestant and winner of MTV's Fear episode 9, "Fort Gains". She has also appeared in Matthew Barney's "The Cremaster Cycle: Cremester 3". She co-hosted three segments on on fitness and fashion with Pedro Andrade, Siafa Lewis, and Margherita Missoni. '
' Doctor Steel','Doctor Steel (full name, Doctor Phineas Waldolf Steel) was a self-published American musician and internet personality from Los Angeles. He performed on rare occasions with a "backup band", claiming that a fictitious robot band had malfunctioned. Shows incorporated puppetry, multimedia and performances by female members ("Nurses" and "Scouts") of his street team, The Army of Toy Soldiers. Steel made a brief appearance on "The Tonight Show" and has had numerous interviews. He was the subject of an article in Wired Magazine regarding allegations that Dr. Horrible had copied his style. Steel has frequently been cited as an example of Steampunk music. Musical career. Steel began publicly performing in 1999, essentially busking on the streets of Los Angeles. A few years later, he began performing at venues like The Key Club and the CIA. His live shows combined music with puppetry and video projection that reflect the stories and meanings of the songs. In 2001 and 2002, the albums "Dr. Steel" (2001), "Dr. Steel II: Eclectic Boogaloo" (2001), and "People of Earth" (2002) were released digitally to iTunes, Amazon and other stores. "The Dr. Steel Collection" (2004) was the first CD release, featuring many tracks which were released on other albums, slightly altered. "The Dr. Steel Collection" also features the track "Land of the Lost," about the 1970s version of the show by the same name. Some attempts were made to get the song into the soundtrack of 2009 movie version of "Land of the Lost", but they were unsuccessful. Steel's second CD release was "The Dr. Steel Read-A-Long Album" (2006). It was a limited distribution and quickly sold out. The album art included a recreation of the sleeve of read-along records, and the disc design resembled that of a vinyl record. In 2007, Steel re-released the first three albums, once again in digital format. Steel's music can often be heard on a number of steampunk radio broadcasts that stream worldwide, such as The Clockwork Cabaret. His song "Boogieman Boogie" was also included in a compilation of steampunk music released by Gilded Age Records. Musical style. Steel's music is eclectic in genre, often combining the noise and distortion of industrial with aspects of European folk, classical, and even jazz, as well as hip-hop and opera. Many songs feature samples from vintage public service announcements and educational films, such as Duck and Cover. "Rue Morgue Magazine" described the sound as "Industrial Hip-Hop Opera". cited, as some of his musical influences, Igor Stravinsky, Tom Waits, Pink Floyd, Queen, Mike Patton, Nine Inch Nails, Danny Elfman, Beck, and John Zorn. Stage persona. On stage, and in all public performances and interviews, Steel maintained the appearance of a mad scientist bent on conquering the world and becoming the future World Emperor. He claimed to be a former toymaker who, in a fit of rage over being fired for creating drastic designs such as babies with buzzsaws for hands, burned down the factory he worked at and was committed to a psychiatric institution. This back-story relates that Steel escaped the sanitarium and retreated to a deserted island laboratory, where he became bent on world conquest in order to create a "Utopian Playland" where his toy designs could be enjoyed. As a mad scientist, Steel is obsessed with conspiracy theories, giant robots, baking cupcakes and "mind control cookies", and experimenting with hamsters. In appearance, Steel drew on the mad scientist archetype, dressing in a white PVC lab coat (with comically large black buttons), black PVC gloves, black boots, shaved head, sinister goatee, and antique welder's goggles. When not in his "mad scientist" costume, Steel typically dressed in a very aristocratic neo-Victorian steampunk style, while still retaining his goggles. He was never seen without the goggles. Retirement. In 2010, Dr. Steel announced plans to begin work on a new album, entitled "Toymonger." However, in July 2011, after a long period of silence from him, it was announced that Doctor Steel had retired from the music industry, and a personal letter from Steel to the current head of the Army of Toy Soldiers in January 2012 confirmed this. (However, there was no other "official" or public announcement.) The Army of Toy Soldiers have decided to continue on as an organization, switching their focus from promoting the entertainer to promoting the philosophy he presented, such as the importance of creativity and building one's own Utopian Playland. Promotional videos and web videos. Steel also released what he called "public service announcements" covering philosophical subjects such as transhumanism, freedom of thought, and subjective reality. (As a transhumanist, Dr. Steel has also been interviewed on his views by the Institute for Ethics and Emerging Technologies, and has even published a paper on the subject.) Finally, the Toy Soldiers Unite website features a series of videos called "Ask Dr. Steel", in which Steel himself answered questions asked by Toy Soldiers. In May 2010, Doctor Steel's videos were featured in one of Veronique Chevalier's Red Velvet Variety Shows. In May 2010, Dr. Steel released a music video to his song, "Childhood Don't a-Go-Go", directed by Tony Leonardi III. Controversy. Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog. In 2008, Joss Whedon released a short musical film online entitled "Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog". Fans of Steel, and Steel himself, noted the similarities between Dr. Steel and Dr. Horrible: This attracted the attention of national media and was reported in Coilhouse and also Wired magazine, in which Dr. Horrible co-writer Maurissa Tancharoen responded, "All we have to say on the subject is we've never heard of Dr. Steel before." "There’s room for everyone in this party," she added. Army of Toy Soldiers. The Army of Toy Soldiers (formerly Dr. Steel's Army of Toy Soldiers; also known as Toy Soldiers Unite after the name of their website) was originally the fan club and street team of steampunk entertainer Doctor Steel, and played into the Dr. Steel fiction, in that it was allegedly a tool in his plan for global domination. It is currently registered as a not-for-profit organization in Great Britain. The Army considers itself a movement for social change, and since Dr. Steel's retirement it has continued as an organization dedicated to promoting Steel's social ideals. The website for the organization, referred to playfully as the "digital bunker", was created by the then head of Dr.Steel's fan club, Sergeant Kato, in 2006. After Steel's retirement, most information regarding him was moved to an archive site. Structure. The Toy Soldier Army has four main regiments: Toy Soldiers, Nurses, Toy Scouts and Engineers. (Originally, the Nurse and Scout regiments were reserved for females within the Army, whereas people of any gender could belong to the Toy Soldier regiment, but after Dr. Steel's retirement this was changed, and Nurses and Scouts became open to anyone.) The Army is further divided into divisions based upon geographical location as well as divisions based on creative interests ("Special Ops"). The Army is currently led by the three head admins of the website, two residing in the US and one in the UK. There are no ranks — all Toy Soldiers are considered equal — although Toy Soldiers often give themselves fanciful "ranks" as part of the fun. However, Toy Soldiers who go "above and beyond" may be awarded the honorary title of "Yellow Jacket". Originally this title was given personally by Doctor Steel, but since Dr. Steel's retirement this award has been given out by the admins of the official website. To date, only 51 have achieved the status of Yellow Jacket. Uniforms. Toy Soldiers wear paramilitary "uniforms" with patches and color schemes, but are encouraged to design their own uniform so long as the required patches and colors are used. The basic color scheme for soldiers is black with yellow trim, although red trim may also be used sparingly. Female nurses generally wear white nurse uniforms with red trim, although a brown military uniform with garrison cap is also worn (see inset image). Scouts generally wear beige tops and black skirts or slacks. Engineers generally wear black overalls or coveralls, or black or white lab coats. The original "traditional" uniforms designed by Dr. Steel and Sgt. Kato were dieselpunk inspired. A new set of uniform concepts released on the Army's website in 2013, designed by Sgt. Grinner, have a decidedly more cyberpunk appearance. Operations. Toy Soldiers continue to promote Dr. Steel's philosophy, individually through "missions", while larger group events are known as "operations" or "invasions". Some Soldiers use their connections and access to the media for promotion, while others may choose to "propagandize" their school or workplace. Toy Soldiers frequently do charity and volunteer work in uniform, such as starting local clothing or toy drives and even donating to drives such as Toys for Tots, Light the Night Walk and Adopt a Highway. The Toy Soldiers have their own holiday, "Toy Soldier Day," which is observed every year on March 4 (a play on "march forth"), and simultaneous invasions of Disney theme parks worldwide take place on the nearest Saturday to this day. Promotional material ("Propaganda"). Promotional material for the Toy Soldiers is referred to as "propaganda". The decision to use a term with such charged connotations was a deliberate satirical allusion to famous groups in the past who had plans for world domination, in order to spotlight or "hang a lampshade" on the tricks of mass manipulation. Some of the material was designed and created by Steel himself (such as the "propaganda posters", designed to resemble WWII propaganda posters), but Steel encouraged his fans to design their own propaganda as well. Motto and Philosophy. The Army's motto, "Building a Utopian Playland", comes from the title of Dr. Steel's "Propaganda Video" of the same name, and expresses the group's core philosophy. Originally, it related to Steel's alleged plans to "take over the world", but also meant a metaphorical altering of one's own worldview through making having fun one's first priority and realizing one's creative potential, and the belief that if everyone did this, the world could be transformed. Steel called this concept a "world "make"over". Current activities. Since the announcement of Dr. Steel's retirement, the Army of Toy Soldiers have continued on as an organization dedicated to spreading the philosophy Dr. Steel presented. The Dr. Steel "angry face" logo (and uniform patch) has been dropped, having been replaced with Steel's grinning robot head logo. As an artistic network, the Army strongly encourages and supports independent artists and entertainers. The Army also continues to "invade" comic and steampunk conventions; they have had a regular fan tables at San Diego Comic Con and MCM Expo in London for several years now. Since 2010, the Toy Soldiers have participated yearly in the Doo Dah Parade in Pasadena, CA and have become "veteran crowd favorites." And in 2012, several members of the UK division were invited to participate in the filming of Professor Elemental's music video, "I'm British." The Army also has several semi-regular podcasts, which are released under the umbrella of the Toy Soldiers' YouTube channel, "TSU-TV". In keeping with its nonprofit status in the UK, in 2013 the Army donated its surplus budget over operating expenses to the children's charity Child's Play. '
' Production of Watchmen','Watchmen is a 2009 film based on a twelve-issue comic book limited series of same name created by writer Alan Moore, artist Dave Gibbons, and colorist John Higgins, published by DC Comics between 1986 and 1987. The graphic novel's film rights were acquired by producer Lawrence Gordon in 1986. Many problems halted the adaptation's development, with four different studios and various directors and screenwriters being attached to the project through twenty years. In 2006, Zack Snyder, who at the time was filming another comic book adaptation, "300", was hired by Warner Bros. to helm "Watchmen". Filming started in 2007, and following deals with two of the previous companies involved in the development—Paramount Pictures, responsible for international distribution rights, and 20th Century Fox, which received the rights to part of the gross—the "Watchmen" adaptation was finally released in March 2009. Pre-production. Failed projects. In August 1986, producer Lawrence Gordon acquired the film rights to "Watchmen" for 20th Century Fox, with producer Joel Silver working on the film. Fox asked author Alan Moore to write a screenplay based on his story, but when Moore declined the studio enlisted screenwriter Sam Hamm. On September 9, 1988, Hamm turned in his first draft, but said that condensing a 338-page, nine-panel-a-page comic book into a 128-page script was arduous. He took the liberty of re-writing "Watchmen"'s complicated ending into a "more manageable" conclusion involving an assassination and a time paradox. Fox put the film into turnaround in 1991, and Gordon set up the project at a new company, Largo International, with Fox distributing the film. Although Largo closed three years later, Fox was promised that they would be involved if the project was revived. Gordon and Silver moved the project to Warner Bros., where Terry Gilliam was attached to direct. Unsatisfied with how Hamm's script fleshed out the characters, Gilliam brought in Charles McKeown to rewrite it. The second draft, which was credited to Gilliam, Warren Skaaren, and Hamm rather than McKeown, used the character Rorschach's diary as a voice-over, and restored scenes from the comic book that Hamm had removed. According to "Watchmen" artist Dave Gibbons, Silver wanted to cast Arnold Schwarzenegger as Dr. Manhattan. Filming was to take place at Pinewood Studios. Because both Gilliam and Silver's previous films, "The Adventures of Baron Munchausen" and "Die Hard 2" respectively, went over budget, they were only able to raise $25 million for the film—a quarter of the necessary budget. As a result, Gilliam abandoned the project, and ultimately decided that "Watchmen" was unfilmable. Gilliam explained, "Reducing story to a two or two-and-a-half hour film [...] seemed to me to take away the essence of what "Watchmen" is about." When Warner Bros. dropped the project, Gordon invited Gilliam back to helm the film independently. The director again declined, believing that the comic book would be better directed as a five-hour miniseries. In October 2001, Gordon and Universal Studios signed screenwriter David Hayter to write and direct "Watchmen" in a "seven-figure deal". Hayter hoped to begin filming in early 2002, but did not turn in his first draft until July 2002. In May 2003, Hayter said he had Alan Moore's blessing on the film, despite Moore's disagreement with the project since its first incarnation. In July 2003, "Watchmen" producer Lloyd Levin announced the completion of Hayter's script, which he called "a great adaptation [...] that absolutely "celebrates" the book". Ultimately, Hayter and the producers left Universal over creative differences, and in October 2003, Gordon and Levin expressed interest in setting up "Watchmen" at Revolution Studios. The pair intended to shoot the film in Prague, but the project fell apart at Revolution Studios. In July 2004, it was announced Paramount Pictures would produce "Watchmen", and they hired Darren Aronofsky to direct Hayter's script. Gordon and Levin remained attached, collaborating with Aronofsky's producing partner, Eric Watson. Eventually, Aronofsky left to focus on "The Fountain", and Paramount replaced him with Paul Greengrass, with a target release date of summer 2006. At this time, Simon Pegg was involved in negotiations to portray Rorschach, while Daniel Craig, Jude Law, and Sigourney Weaver were also interested in the film. Greengrass wanted Joaquin Phoenix for Dr. Manhattan. To publicize the film, Paramount launched a now-defunct "Watchmen" teaser website that had a message board as well as computer wallpaper available to download. Graphic artist Tristan Schane drew designs of Dr. Manhattan for the film, which depicted him with visible intestines. Gilliam read Greengrass's revision of Hayter's script and liked it, but told the director he did not think the studio would greenlight such a dark film. In March 2005, with rumors that high-profile projects, including "Watchmen", were in danger of being cut, Paramount's CEO Donald De Line began urging a reduction in "Watchmen"'s budget so the film could get the greenlight. When Brad Grey took over as Paramount’s CEO, Levin feared potential budget cuts, so he made plans to move the project outside the UK in an effort to save money. Before he could, Paramount placed "Watchmen" in turnaround, again. In October 2005, Gordon and Levin began talks with Warner Bros., originally the second studio to be attached to "Watchmen", and confirmed in December 2005 that Warner Bros. had picked up the film, but that Greengrass was no longer attached to direct. In addition, the film was marked as an "open writing assignment", which meant David Hayter's script would be put aside. Despite this change, Hayter expressed his hope that his script would be used by Warner Bros. and that he would be attached to direct his "dream project". Successful development. After Warner Bros. officially became involved, the studio claimed that because Paramount had not fully reimbursed Universal for its development costs, Paramount had no legal claim over the film rights. Therefore, it would not be entitled to co-finance the film with Warner Bros. After negotiations between the studios, they agreed that Paramount would own 25% of the film and would distribute it outside North America. Impressed with Zack Snyder's work on the film "300", an adaptation of Frank Miller's comic book of the same name, Warner Bros. approached him to direct an adaptation of "Watchmen". After spending a couple of weeks deciding whether he wanted to direct the film or not, Warner Bros. officially announced Snyder’s hiring on June 23, 2006, with Alex Tse attached to write the script. Drawing from "the best elements" from two of Hayter’s drafts, Tse’s script returned to the original Cold War setting of the "Watchmen" comic. Warner Bros. was open to keeping the 1980s setting, although less so to the R-rating that Snyder wanted; Snyder also decided to add a title montage sequence to introduce the audience to the alternate history of the United States that the film presented. Snyder kept the ending from one of Hayter's drafts, which simplified details of the conspiracy within the story, because he felt it would allow more screen time to explore characters' backstories. Snyder said that he wanted the film to hold the same level of detail that was contained within the comic, with all of the easter eggs that were hidden within each frame of the comic’s panels. As such, Snyder used the comic book as his storyboard, travelling with a copy and making notes on its pages. Next to the novel, Snyder cited "Taxi Driver" and "Seven" as visual influences. To make the film more topical, Snyder emphasized the existing subplot concerning energy resources. Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman met with Snyder twice during the later stages of pre-production to further revise the script, although Snyder explained the script was merely a document for the studio, and it was his storyboards that were his true guide while making the movie. James Kakalios, author of "The Physics of Superheroes", was also hired as a scientific consultant. Production. Snyder hoped to have principal photography take place from June–September 2007, but filming was delayed until September 17, 2007. Snyder wanted a $150 million budget, but Warner Bros. preferred the budget remain under $100 million; the film ultimately finished with a budget of approximately $120 million. The production took place in Vancouver, where a New York City back lot was built. Sound stages were used for apartments and offices, while sequences on Mars and Antarctica were shot against green screens. Ten visual effects companies, Sony Pictures Imageworks and Intelligent Creatures among them, came on board to work on the film, which ended up having 1,100 shots featuring effects, a quarter of them being computer-generated imagery. Comic book artists Adam Hughes and John Cassaday were hired to work on character and costume designs for the film. Costume tests were being done by March 2007. "300" associate producer Wesley Coller portrayed Rorschach in a costume test, which Snyder inserted into a trailer that accompanied the release of "300". Although he intended to stay faithful to the look of the characters in the comic, Snyder wanted Nite Owl to look scarier and Ozymandias to possess authentic Egyptian attire and artifacts. Ultimately, Oyzmandias, Nite Owl and Silk Spectre changed most from the comic, as Snyder felt "audiences might not appreciate the naiveté of the original costumes. So, there has been some effort to give them a [...] modern look—and not modern in the sense of 2007, but modern in terms of the superhero aesthetic". Costume designer Michael Wilkinson added that the costumes had to look realistic and protective, and that the Nite Owl costume should reflect Dan's interest in aerodynamics. The chain mail in his costume resemble a bird's feathers. Snyder also wanted the costumes to "comment directly on many of today’s modern masked vigilantes": The Ozymandias costume, with its molded muscles and nipples, parodies the costumes in "Batman Forever" and "Batman & Robin". Throughout filming, Snyder also kept adding in dialogue to mention more of the characters' backstories so the film would be as faithful as possible. Production designer Alex McDowell intended Nixon's war room to pay tribute to the war room in the film "Dr. Strangelove". He also wanted Dr. Manhattan's apartment, which is inside his laboratory, to look like the work of Maison Jansen, explaining that "the powers that be, who know nothing about design, but needed to feel like he was the most important guy in America". The apartment also echoes the film "The Man Who Fell to Earth", with a book prop named "Masterpieces in Paint and Poetry" and a tennis courtroom with similar wallpaper. Set designers selected four Kansas City sculptors' works for use on the set of Dr. Manhattan's apartment, after discovering their works on the Internet. Filming ended on February 19, 2008. Post-production. Music. Composer Tyler Bates began scoring "Watchmen" in November 2007. He planned to visit the shoot for a week during each month, and view assembly cuts of scenes to begin rough composing. Snyder and Bates listened to the soundtracks of 1980s films such as "Manhunter", "Blade Runner", and "To Live and Die in L.A." for inspiration. Bates switched between a Yamaha CS-80 or an MOTM for moments that he felt should have more ambience or synthesizers. Snyder wanted a scene where Nite Owl and Silk Spectre rescue people from a burning building to have a more traditional superhero feel, so Bates implemented a four to the floor guitar rhythm. A 64-strong choir and the 87-piece ensemble from the Hollywood Studio Symphony were hired for the more orchestral themes. The film uses some of the songs mentioned in the comic. Bates said the challenge was composing music that would transition effectively into these famous songs. One of the songs is "The Times They Are a-Changin'" by Bob Dylan from whom Snyder and Bates received permission to use the stems so the three-minute song could play over the six-minute opening montage. My Chemical Romance, whose members are fans of the comic, covered Dylan's "Desolation Row" for the first half of the closing credits. The film also features two pieces from Philip Glass' score to 1982 film "Koyaanisqatsi" accompanying the birth of Dr. Manhattan. Two albums, ' and ' were released on February 24, 2009 by Warner Sunset and Reprise Records. Additionally, a 12" vinyl picture disc was released on January 27, 2009. The A-side features My Chemical Romance's cover version of "Desolation Row", and the B-side features "Prison Fight" composed by Tyler Bates for the film's score. Both songs will also be featured on the "Music From the Motion Picture" and "Original Motion Picture Soundtrack" albums, respectively. A box set consisting of seven 7" picture disks was released on March 24, 2009. This set will also include My Chemical Romance performing "Desolation Row", as well as thirteen tracks from the Tyler Bates score. Editing. Snyder's first cut of the film was three hours long. In keeping the film tight, Snyder dubbed himself "the gatekeeper" of the comic's easter eggs, "while studio conspire to say, 'No. Length, length, length. Playability.' [...] I've lost perspective on that now, because to me, the honest truth is I geek out on little stuff now as much as anybody. Like, people will go, 'We've got to cut. You don't need that shot of Hollis Mason's garage sign.' And I'm like, 'What are you talking about? Of course you do. Are you crazy? How will people enjoy the movie without shit like that in it?' So it's hard for me." Snyder cut the film down to 162 minutes when he realized there was a way to further trim the film: the murder of Hollis Mason, the first Nite Owl, which "was easy without destroying the movie". Moore and Gibbons' involvement. When 20th Century Fox acquired the film rights to "Watchmen", the comic's writer Alan Moore was initially excited about the film adaptation. In a 1987 edition of "Comics Interview", he revealed Sam Hamm, who was attached to write, visited him in Northampton for lunch and that he felt Hamm would provide an adaptation faithful to the comic's spirit. Ultimately, Hamm's script altered the ending, having Adrian Veidt die and Dr. Manhattan alter time so that Jon Osterman is not affected by the radiation. As a result, the remaining characters are teleported to the real world created as a result of time travel. In an interview with "Variety"'s Danny Graydon, during Warner Bros.'s first possession of feature film rights for "Watchmen", Moore changed his mind, adamantly opposing a film adaptation of his comic book. Moore felt that, contrary to others’ opinion, the comic book was not cinematic. When he was approached by Terry Gilliam on how to film the comic book, Moore stated that he "didn't think it was filmable". Moore clarified for Graydon, "I didn't design it to show off the similarities between cinema and comics, which "are" there, but in my opinion are fairly unremarkable. It was designed to show off the things that comics could do that cinema and literature couldn't." In December 2001, Moore further explained his opposition, citing how a reader can take the time to absorb the character backgrounds, by having the option of turning back the pages so that they can connect elements they had just read to past elements, but that film forces you to watch the story at 24 frames per second. Moore's opposition to the film adaptation crystallized after the 2003 film version of "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen" was released, and he intends to give any resulting royalties from "Watchmen" to the comic's artist, Dave Gibbons. In Moore’s opinion, Hayter’s script was the closest anyone could get to the original comic, but added that he would not be going to see the film when completed. Moore said, "My book is a comic book. Not a movie, not a novel. A comic book. It's been made in a certain way, and designed to be read a certain way: in an armchair, nice and cozy next to a fire, with a steaming cup of coffee." In November 2006, Zack Snyder said that he hoped to speak to Moore before filming, though the writer had sworn off involvement with film or television productions after his disagreement over the "V for Vendetta" film adaptation. Moore signed a deal to go uncredited on the film, and for his share of the income be given to Gibbons, as he had done on "V for Vendetta". Before filming began, Snyder said, " totally respect his wishes to not be involved in the movie." Moore expressed discontent over the choice of the director, saying that he "had a lot of problems" with the comic book "300" and that, while he had not seen it, he had heard that Snyder's film adaptation was racist, homophobic, and "sublimely stupid". In an early interview with "Entertainment Weekly"'s Ken Tucker, "Watchmen" artist Dave Gibbons said that he thought the time had passed to make a "Watchmen" movie. Gibbons felt that the window to make a "Watchmen" movie was during the success of the 1989 "Batman" film. When that time passed, Gibbons also told "Neon" magazine that he was "[…] glad because it wouldn't have been up to the book". Gibbons felt it would probably be better adapted as a television series like "The Prisoner". When given the opportunity, Gibbons enjoyed the script by Alex Tse. Gibbons gave Snyder some script advice, which the director accepted. He drew licensing art for the film, consulted on merchandise and the webcomics, publicizing the film with Snyder, and wrote a tie-in book about the creation of the comic, entitled "Watching the Watchmen". Moore did not mind Gibbons' involvement and felt it did not have any impact on their friendship. Snyder asked Gibbons to draw up a storyboard for the film's altered ending, which the comics' colorist John Higgins also returned to work on. Gibbons believed watching the film on DVD would emulate flipping through the book, with viewers pausing or rewinding the film to catch details. Litigation. On February 14, 2008, 20th Century Fox brought a lawsuit against Warner Bros. that alleged copyright infringement on the "Watchmen" film property. The studio believed it held the rights to produce the film, or at least distribute it, no matter how many studios "Watchmen" passed through, and sought to block its release. Warner Bros. said that Fox repeatedly failed to exercise its rights over various incarnations of the production. Through producer Lawrence Gordon, Fox had bought the rights to the comic book in 1986. Fox alleges that when it put the project into turnaround in 1994, a separate 1991 deal that transferred some of the rights to Gordon still gave them the option of distribution, sequel rights, and a share of the profits should it be made by any other studio. Fox's interpretation of the 1994 turnaround deal also meant that Gordon would not fully control the rights until the studio's development costs—estimated by Fox at $1 million—had been reimbursed. Despite originally passing on the project, Fox also alleged that its agreement with Gordon contained a "changed elements" clause, meaning that if Gordon changed any of the key creative personnel on the film, Fox would have first option on participation, claiming that Gordon did not inform them of Snyder's joining the production in 2005. Fox alleged that it contacted Warner Bros. before production began in 2005, and told the studio that it had violated Fox's 1991 and 1994 deals with Gordon. Warner Bros. claimed that it was originally unaware of either deal, and that in 2005 Fox had declined to produce the Hayter screenplay that formed the basis of the production. Warner Bros. also claimed that the 1994 deal did not cover distribution rights and had conferred upon Gordon all the rights he needed to take the film to Warner Bros. The studio's motion to dismiss the case in August 2008 was rejected by the judge. On December 24, 2008, Judge Gary A. Feess granted 20th Century Fox's claim to a copyright interest in the film. An attorney for 20th Century Fox said that the studio would seek an order to delay the release of "Watchmen". Producer Lloyd Levin revealed in an open letter that in 2005 both Fox and Warner Bros. were offered the chance to make "Watchmen". Fox passed on the project while Warner Bros. made a deal to acquire the movie rights and move forward with development. An internal Fox email documented that executives at Fox felt the script was "one of the most unintelligible pieces of shit they had read in years". On January 15, 2009, the trade press reported that Fox and Warner Bros. had reached a settlement. Fox would receive a share of the box office, but no future ownership of the film. The settlement awarded Fox up to $10 million in development costs and legal fees, plus worldwide gross participation scaling from 5 to 8.5 percent. '
' National Open University','National Open University (NOU), is an Open University in Taiwan. National Open University was established on August 1, 1986 along the lines of Great Britain's Open University. Although National Open University originally had entrance examinations, they were later abolished in 1997. Classes were originally conducted over a dedicated radio station, and television channel and internet classroom were later added. Today, National Open University is a full-service, distance learning university fully accredited by the Taiwanese government, and has an annual enrollment of 35,000 students. Organization. National Open University is headed by a president. The University contain 6 academic departments. '
' Sticky-shed syndrome','Sticky-shed syndrome is a condition created by the deterioration of the binders in a magnetic tape, which hold the iron oxide magnetizable coating to its plastic carrier. This deterioration renders the tape unusable. Some kinds of binder are known to break down over time, due to the absorption of moisture (hydrolysis). The symptoms of this breakdown are immediately obvious even when rewinding the tape: tearing sounds and sluggish behavior. If a tape with sticky-shed syndrome is played, the reels will make screeching or squeaking sounds, and the tape will leave dusty, rusty particles on the guides and heads. Cause. Some tapes may deteriorate because of a breakdown in the binder (the glue) that holds the oxide particles on the tape if the tape was from any of the tape manufacturers who had inadvertently used an unstable binder formulation. That binder contained polyurethane that soaks up water and causes the urethane to rise to the tape's surface. This problem became known as the 'sticky-shed syndrome'. Short strands of urethane were most commonly used in tapes - until it was discovered that middle-sized strands are better and were good at absorbing moisture. Baking the tape temporarily restores the tape by driving the water molecules from the binder so that it can be safely copied to another tape or a different format. After baking, the tape usually remains in good condition for approximately a month. If the tape re-deteriorates, it may be possible to bake the tape again. Affected stock. Most tapes affected by Sticky Shed are those that were made by Ampex such as 406/407, 456/457, 499, and consumer/audiophile grade back coated tapesst as the alcohol mixes with the water in the binder, it causes the water to evaporate more quickly. This procedure, then, would have to be repeated before each playing (much like baking) and may have potential negative effects such as chemical reactions, and removal of oxide from the backing. Conclusions. Engineers may favor baking over controlling hydrolysis environmentally because of time limitations or because they are more focused on digitizing or creating duplicates of the original and are not as interested in the preservation of the original tape. They may feel that some amount of permanent damage is acceptable if they are able to create a suitable duplicate. Research has shown that hydrolysis is reversible within very strict temperature and humidity constraints. Further research is needed, however, to determine what levels of temperature and humidity are allowable in practice and what lengths of time are needed to adequately reverse hydrolysis. It may be that certain combinations of temperature and humidity have more or less positive results. It could be found that most institutions could successfully achieve the needed levels with common and inexpensive equipment. '
